---
title: weeknote 23/05/25
date:  2025-05-23
author: Mark Williams
summary: Weeknote 23/05/25
tags: 
  - weeknote
---

I was ill for the first part of the week with an ear infection that I think I got from swimming at the local pool. Second time it's happened and it's quite dehabilitating as it affects your balance. By Thursday I returned to work. 

I spent Thurs and Friday re-jigging the NLnet plan of work to reduce scope for the funding as there was some miscommunication about the funded amount. Nothing we couldn't work through though. 

I Recorded some miro board walkthroughs/talk tracks. As my role at eLife was made redundant due to some financial issues that the org are faving, I thought I'd still create a sort of handover as it would hopefully mean anyone could pick up work in future should more funding be found. 

I got confirmation that I'll be contracted for 1 day a week with the Kotahi Foundation. A great team of people, doing great things in Open Source Scholarly Comms software. I've been working with them via eLife since January so glad that I'll still be able to support them. I expect given that it's a day a week, the majority of my time will be in client meetings keeping things ticking along and making sure they feel supported. 

I had a great conversation this week about a potential new role and looking forward to prepping interview tasks

In the garden, I pricked out seedlings but they instantly got zapped by the sun which was disappointing. I reckon some might some back, some have hit their permanent wilting point though. I planted out sunflowers and sweatpeas,weeded the veg and thinned out lettuce. Plenty of cut and come again salad leaves and first strawberries. 